what is going on guys crispy Conchords
here welcome my first Garry's Mod video
and this is just a random scary map we
found I play with train iam Colonel
Sanders and I'm suit the other night and
there's just the random moments that
happen and hope you guys enjoy if you do
be sure to LIKE the video and let me
know if you want to see some more
Garry's Mod in the future peace out you
don't see but you hear sounds you know
it's quiet what happened it's a dream
I'll have to leave this place beautiful
look let's go now damn it Sudha oh that
was the worst jump scare ever those lot
know that 2d security key I thought that
was Sudha Sudha facie real emergency
save yourself first then dear children
may begin with that fat okay my kid
first
why is your baby white you're blind hey
I'm on Jenny you seem to hack it to the
computer
he's vital information well I do
conclude that this man was eating a
hamburger and he stole the ketchup I saw
your baby I I'm gonna put him to sleep
it's actually a bad time for baby just
leave him fucking leave on the fucking
couch little fucking sweet
I'm the babysitter when I turn this
corner is gonna be something
do you want me I got it oh look at the
girl Denali good job
oh yeah I'm gonna go get a bitch you
know where shooters baby is so this is
exit and this is move house goodbye guys
I think I fucked up that's not they
trolled me so hard on the microphone I'm
gonna do a live commentary for you guys
yeah I think I've seen this place before
you're not leaving until I find my baby
oh wait we're gonna get ya other zombies
look at these zombie what though I think
this guy is the best damn green jacket
he has department work I've ever
finished it done look at the fucking
footwork whoa it's not ready for that
can to stop won't to stop